[17.0][MIG] stock_picking_partner_note (#1739)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_partner_note/readme/CONFIGURE.md

- Create partner note types in Inventory \> Configuration \> Note Types.
- In shipping operation types set field Partner Note Type. Only these
  types will be shown in picking operations notes.
- On contacts add picking notes.

> You can prevent users ot update or delete notes alredy in use by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can prevent users from updating or deleting notes already in use by
```
